hi i'm lianca from house at bath and
this is glam on the go today's lemon
logo is special because we're having a
giveaway Benefit Cosmetics and just fat
is teaming up so look down there for
more information I love big lashes I
love the value my love the length I love
everything about false lashes I just
don't like putting them on I'm not
really good at it and it just takes too
much time so I figured out a way to
master a way to get the false lashes
look without using false lashes and
today I'm going to share my tricks with
you step one you gotta set the mood I
set the mood by using magic ink black
eyeliner it makes your lashes look
thicker and fuller
next step is adding their real mascara
from Benefit Cosmetics so this is really
the key to that full false lashes look
so pay attention I like to comb out my
lashes from the inside out so first I'm
going to comb them out to lengthen them
because they're really really curly
and the next I will brush up
from the base all the way to the tips
the wand because the wand has small
bristles and long bristles it helps to
give you length so it's really really
cool and then there's like a little ball
on the end that kind of helps to bring
out the drama on the edges and again
don't worry about if you get mascara on
your lids we'll take care of that at the
end so the most important fact are the
most important thing about adding the
mascara or getting that dramatic look is
repeat the steps you can already tell a
difference right they're real so now
we're going to clean up but you you have
to this is so important please you have
to let the lashes dry and set before you
clean up because if you don't once you
start cleaning up your lashes are gonna
clump together and then you're gonna be
like oh no and then they're gonna dry
clump it's gonna be a big ol mess wait
till they dry so we're gonna sit and
we're gonna wait for them to dry so
while you wait for them to dry what
we'll do we'll add a little blush we're
using benefit blush bella bomba it's a
good color for me because it's like a
rosy pink and I like that we're gonna
use a little blush I like to small smile
and add it to the cheap mom the apple of
my cheeks and then kind of work it out
so I'm going to add a little lip i am
using bella bamba lip gloss
so now we're almost finished last up is
we will clear off our eyelids the key to
cleaning off your lids is a q-tip I pull
my lid down and I just start cleaning
and voila it comes off so when you're
doing this and you're cleaning make sure
that you don't actually take off your
eyeliner but the great thing about
putting on your eyeliner first is if any
residue gets on top of the eyeliner it
kind of just blends in so it's not a big
deal just say you have more eyeliner
voila I'm all done and I got my fake
lashes look with their real mascara from
Benefit Cosmetics where did you come
from your back pocket but look what I
brought is that beaded rings necklace
yes from JustFab amazing it's wouldn't
been warning look at this now you're
ready to go out I mean kind of fab kind
of sexy as my crew hmm shiny fab thanks
Johnny Bob okay now Murray go by